but gamers here in a video over this
mother that is a game mode in this
server that will be left in the
description the ip its game mode
called call of duty is in its version
beta they just got it out and I'm
trying and the truth is fine chingón
when you enter, it asks you to download
ones with a ways something like that downloads
is very little the truth I do not know how much
It does not say and you're here, it downloads
your armor clothes turns into a
shipowner camouflaged the swords the
Axes turn into weapons and let's go
to enter
ok when it appears in the lobby it comes out
as they see change the interface and the
vesture now let's go into the
game goes into this one
and here is he asks you to choose a weapon
the first 3 are free in the other
three are from this point I do not have
points and now choose this is green
lawsuit come here is the fucking beating
because they did not play
and as you can see there is everything
I'm a little box that is a
no way
but because it is recharges and they all attack
the bullets
the bullets refills
with and the best thing about this is that they are
familiar to the environment but it is a
colorful map then the map
this starts
and it's as new as about 4 or 5 maps of
colors of urine that I have played and
putting everything the same is the same
excellently
and the place of the campers depends that
wants to kill
now we are in this model is what
I recommend
Well, give everything I hope you subscribe like
and keep watching my videos vice